CI Pipeline with Docker, Checks, etc. (#126)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/ci.md

# CI/CD Pipeline

> ## Prerequisites (Schema)

Reviewer: Please don't start with this, the user should first get information about how to use the CI, especially `jenkins build please` should be mentioned.

> Before we can actually execute checks or build the binaries, we need `schema.rs` and `definitions.ts`.

Reviewer: At least for `cargo fmt` this is not true. On the contrary, it might even lead to irrelevant errors as you experienced. Linting generated code also seems to be useless (at least for us, the `diesel` people hopefully do it). For some other checks, e.g., `cargo doc` I don't know.

* call `./ci/build-scripts/build-backend.sh`, which builds the rust binary as well as the bindings' definition via `typeshare`
* call `./ci/build-scripts/build-frontend.sh`, which does a full release build of the frontend

## Deploy to PR Environment

Each and every pull request will be deployed on a publicly available instance on [pr.permaplant.net](pr.permaplant.net).

> Since there is only one PR Environment available, the last built PR wins.

Reviewer: If you explained what an agent is before I suggest (otherwise use instance):

```suggestion
Since there is only one agent for PRs available, the last built PR wins.
```
